1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to 
annotaitons.md
2.  What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benfits of using Srpingboot?
	1. Spring - Java framwork
	2. Spring boot - extended from Spring but less configurations.
	3. Benefit of using Springboot is easier to use.
3.  What is IOC and What is DI?
	1. IOC - Inversion of control 
	2. DI - Dependency-Injection - specific example of IOC
4.  What is  @CompnonentScan?
	1. scan where the component is and generate the bean
5.  How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotaiton? 
	1. 
6.  What is  @SpringbootApplication?
	1. @SpringbootApplication combined with @Configuration + @EnableAutoConfiguration + @ComponentScan
7. How many ways we can define a bean?
	1.  3 way
	2. Class level
		1. @Component
		2. @Service
		3. @Repository
		4. @Controller
	3. Method level
		1. @Bean (used with @Configuration) together
	4. XML
8.  What is default bean name for  @Component and  @Bean?
	1. 
9.  What is the difference between  @component and  @service,@repository?
	1. @component is the custom component you defined in spring
	2. @service and @repository are components that defined by spring
10. How many annotaitons we can use to inject the bean?
	1. @Autowired
	2. @Resource
	3. @Inject
11. Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans in Spring)? Which way is better and why?
	1. Constructors injection
	2. Setter Injection
	3. Field Injection
	4. Setter injection is better because you can set it and change it later.
12. If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primay.
	1. use @primary
	2. if no primary throw exceptions
13. What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?
	1. BeanFactory 
		1. Bean instantiation/wiring
	2. ApplicationContext 
		1. Bean instantiation/wiring
		2. Automatic BeanPostProcessor registration
		3. Automatic BeanFactoryPostProcessor registration
		4. Convenient MessageSource access (for i18n)
		5. ApplicationEvent publication
14. What is the Scope of a Bean?  and list the examples for each scope.
	1. 
15. Configure a bean using xml. If bean has parameters/dependencies, how can we configure the bean? (you can google the tutorial how to configure beans in xml, and feel free to ask me any quesitons if you don't understand. it is a little bit old, I am not sure if I need to exaplain it in class)