1.  List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to
    annotaitons.md
2.  What is MVC pattern?
    * MVC Pattern stands for Model-View-Controller Pattern. This pattern is used to separate application's concerns.
3.  What is Front-Controller?
    * The front controller design pattern means that all requests that come for a resource in an application will be handled by a single handler and then dispatched to the appropriate handler for that type of request. The front controller may use other helpers to achieve the dispatching mechanism.
4.  What is DispatcherServlet? please decribe how it works.
    * DispatcherServlet acts as the Front Controller for Spring-based web applications. So now what is Front Controller? So it is pretty simple. Any request is going to come into our website the front controller is going to stand in front and is going to accept all the requests and once the front controller accepts that request then this is the job of the front controller that it will make a decision that who is the right controller to handle that request.
    * Suppose we have a website called student.com and the client is make a request to save student data by hitting the following URL student.com/save and its first come to the front controller and once the front controller accepts that request it is going to assign to the Controller_1 as this controller handle the request for /save operation. Then it is going to return back the response to the Client.
5.  What is JSP and What is ModelAndView？(please google to have a basic
    knowlege)
    * JSP:
       * It stands for Java Server Pages.
       * It is a server side technology.
       * It is used for creating web application.
       * It is used to create dynamic web content.
       * In this JSP tags are used to insert JAVA code into HTML pages.
       * It is an advanced version of Servlet Technology.
       * It is a Web based technology helps us to create dynamic and platform independent web pages.
       * In this, Java code can be inserted in HTML/ XML pages or both.
       * JSP is first converted into servlet by JSP container before processing the client’s request.
    * ModelAndView is a holder for both Model and View in the web MVC framework. These two classes are distinct; ModelAndView merely holds both to make it possible for a controller to return both model and view in a single return value. The view is resolved by a ViewResolver object; the model is data stored in a Map .
6.  Could you please google any other servlets(理解多少是多少，不要花太多时间，
    知道servlet的名字就行。)
    * HttpServlet,JSF, Django
7. How many web server do you know? (Tomcat, Jetty, Jboss)
   *  Apache, IIS, lighttpd and Jagsaw