####1. Read those codes and type it one by one by yourself. then push the code to your branch.
* https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa-eij-tutorial/tree/main/02-java-core/src/main/java/com/chuwa/tutorial/t06_java8
####2. practice stream API at least 3 times
a. https://blog.devgenius.io/15-practical-exercises-help-you-master-java-stream-api-3f9c86b1cf82
####3. Write the Singleton design pattern include eager load and lazy load.
Eager Load
```Java
public class Singleton {
    private static Singleton instance = new Singleton();
    private Singleton(){}
    public static Singleton getInstance() {
        return instance; 
    }
    
    Singleton.getInstance();
}
```

Lazy Load
```Java
public class Singleton {
    private static volatile Singleton instance;
    private Singleton(){}
    public static Singleton getInstance() {
        if (instance == null) {
            synchronized (Singleton.class) {
                if (instance == null) {
                    instance = new Singleton();
                }
            }
        }
    }
    
    Singleton.getInstance(); //t1
    Singleton.getInstance(); //t2
}
```


####4. What is Runtime Exception? could you give me some examples?

As known as unchecked exception that compiler does not force us to handle these exceptions but as a programmer, it is our responsibility to handle them.

e.g. NullPointerException, ArithmeticException, ArrayIndexOutOfBoundException. etc

####5. Could you give me one example of NullPointerException?

* Calling methods on a null object
* Accessing a null object’s properties
* Accessing an index element (like in an array) of a null object
* Passing null parameters to a method
* Incorrect configuration for dependency injection frameworks like Spring
* Using synchronized on a null object
* Throwing null from a method that throws an exception

####6. What is the Optional class?

The Optional class in Java is a container that can hold, at max, one value and gracefully deals with null values. The class was introduced in the java. util package to remove the need for multiple null checks to protect against the dreaded NullPointerExceptions during run-time.

####7. What is the @FunctionalInterface?

FunctionalInterface is a interface with only one abstract method that is mostly used for Lambda.

@FunctionalInterface is a sanity check to check  whether the current interface is a functional interface.

####8. what is lamda?

A lambda expression is a short block of code which takes in parameters and returns a value.
e.g. a -> return a + 1;

####9. What is Method Reference?

Method references are a special type of lambda expressions. They're often used to create simple lambda expressions by referencing existing methods.

There are four kinds of method references:

| Type                                                         | Example                              |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| Static methods                                               | ContainingClass::staticMethodName    |
| Instance methods of particular objects                       | ContainingObject::instanceMethodName |
| Instance methods of an arbitrary object of a particular type | ContainingType::methodName           | 
| Constructor                                                  | ClassName::new                       | 

####10. What is Java 8 new features?

* Default method and static method in interface
* Lambda & Functional Interface
* Optional
* Method Reference
* Stream API

####11. Lambda can use unchanged variable outside of lambda? what is the details?

* Final Variable
* Non-final variable however never changed
* Object variable (if we use new to reassign a new memory, then this variable is changed, can not be used in lambda)
