1.  List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
2.  Briefly reading: https://www.techgeeknext.com/spring-boot/spring-aop-interview-questions
3.  What is the Aspect Oriented Programming?
	1. AOP addresses the problem of cross-cutting concerns
	2. breaking of code into different modules
4.  What are the advantages and disadvantages of Spring AOP?
	1. advantages 
		1. It is non-invasive – not touching our code or business logic
		2. Its implemented in pure Java
		3. It uses Spring’s IOC for dependency injection
		4. As any other AOP framework, it weaves cross cutting concerns into the classes, without making a call to the cross cutting concerns from those classes.
	2. disadvantages 
		1. A little difficult to debug the AOP based application code.
		2. Since it uses proxy based AOP, only method level advising is supported, doesn’t support field level interception
		3. Only methods with public visibility will be advised
		4. A little runtime overhead, but its negligible
5.  What is Aspect in Spring AOP?
	1. class to define all aop self methods
6.  What is Pointcut in Spring AOP?
	1. expression to find all main application methods to insert AOP
7. What is the Join point in Spring AOP?
	1. A Joinpoint is a point during the execution of a program, such as the execution of a method or the handling of an exception.
8.  What does it mean by Advice and its types in Spring AOP?
	1. when to inject the pattern
	2. types of Spring AOP
		1. @Before
		2. @After 
		3. @AfterReturning
		4. @AfterThrowing
		5. @Around
		6. @Aspect
		7. @Component
9.  What is Spring AOP Proxy?
	1. an object created by the AOP framework in order to implement the aspect contracts
10. Briefly Reading: https://www.javainuse.com/spring/sprbatch_interview
11. When to use Spring Batch?
	1. Spring Batch can be used in both simple use cases (such as reading a file into a database or running a stored procedure) as well as complex, high volume use cases (such as moving high volumes of data between databases, transforming it, and so on)
12. How Spring Batch works?
	1. Job Repository will keeps metadata information of all jobs, jobs start at scheduled time
	2. Job lunacher will run the job when job arrived
	3. Job runs the tasks it assigned - a job have multiple steps
	4. steps is the phase of jobs
	5. each steps have a item reader that reads the input data and process it, then item writer will generate output
13. How can we schedule a Spring Batch Job?
	1. use @EnableBatchProcessing annotation in configuration class 