1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
2. Type the Comment feature for the class project.
3. In postman, call of the APIs in PostController and CommentController.
4. what is JPA? and what is Hibernate?
   - A JPA (Java Persistence API) is a specification of Java which is used to access, manage, and persist data between Java object and relational database. It is considered as a standard approach for Object Relational Mapping. 
   - A Hibernate is a Java framework which is used to store the Java objects in the relational database system. It is an open-source, lightweight, ORM (Object Relational Mapping) tool.
   - JPA is a specification. It provides common prototype and functionality to ORM tools. Hibernate is an implementation of JPA.
5. What is Hiraki? what is the benefits of connection pool?
   - Hikari is a JDBC DataSource implementation that provides a connection pooling mechanism. Compared to other implementations, it promises to be lightweight and better performing. JDBC connection pooling is a great concept, which improves the performance of database driven applications by reusing connections. The benefit from connection pools is that the cost of creating and closing connections is avoided, by reusing connections from a pool of available connections.
6. What is the @OneToMany, @ManyToOne, @ManyToMany? write some examples.
   - One-to-Many is a relationship that links one entity to many other entities. For example, a Teacher and their Courses. A teacher can give multiple courses, but a course is given by only one teacher. Another example could be on social media — a photo can have many comments, but each of those comments belongs to that one photo.
   - In a one-to-many relationship, one record in a table can be associated with one or more records in another table. For example, each customer can have many sales orders.
   - Many-to-many relationship occurs when multiple records in a table are associated with multiple records in another table. For example, a many-to-many relationship exists between customers and products: customers can purchase various products, and products can be purchased by many customers.
7. What is the cascade = CascadeType.ALL, orphanRemoval = true? and what are the other CascadeType and their features? In which situation we choose which one?
   - There are multiple types of cascading operations: PERSIST, MERGE, REMOVE, REFRESH, DETACH, and ALL
   - CascadeType.PERSIST: means that save() or persist() operations cascade to related entities.
   - CascadeType.MERGE: means that related entities are merged when the owning entity is merged.
   - CascadeType.DETACH: detaches all related entities if a “manual detach” occurs.
   - CascadeType.REFRESH: if the parent entity is refreshed all its related entity will be refreshed.
   - CascadeType.REMOVE: if the parent entity is removed then all its related entity will be removed.
   - CascadeType.ALL: all the above cascade operations can be applied to the entities related to parent entity.
   - orphanRemoval = true was introduced in JPA 2.0, this provides a way to delete orphaned entities from the database. An entity that is no longer attached to its parent is the definition of being an orphan. Whenever we delete an employee, all his accounts will get deleted if we use the CascadeType.REMOVE. But if want that whenever we remove the relationship between an account and an employee, hibernate will check for the accounts in other references. If none is found, hibernate will delete the account since it’s an orphan.
8. What is the fetch = FetchType.LAZY, fetch = FetchType.EAGER? what is the difference? In which situation you choose which one?
   - The FetchType.EAGER tells Hibernate to get all elements of a relationship when selecting the root entity. The FetchType.LAZY tells Hibernate to only fetch the related entities from the database when you use the relationship. If an entity is not needed to load collections, FetchType can be set to LAZY and vice- versa. 
9. What is the rule of JPA naming convention? Shall we implement the method by ourselves? Could you list some examples?
   - Method names have two main parts separated by the first By keyword. The first part — such as find — is the introducer, and the rest — such as ByName — is the criteria. The criteria part contains the entity-specific condition expressions of the query. We can use the condition keywords along with the entity's property names. We can also concatenate the expressions with And and Or. 
   - findByNameIsNull(); findByNameStartingWith(String prefix); findByAgeLessThanEqual(Integer age); findByNameOrBirthDate(String name, ZonedDateTime birthDate); findByNameOrderByName(String name);
10. Add 2 more api /api/v1/posts/search?keyword=value in your class project. In the repository layer, you need to use the naming convention to use the method provided by JPA.
11. Check out a new branch(hw1_jdbcTemplate) from branch 02_post_RUD, replace the dao layer using JdbcTemplate.
12. watch those videos(看一遍，能理解多少是多少。千万千万不要看其它的视频，会 走火入魔晕乎乎的)
a. Spring 简介: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0MqsOADAUE&list= PLmOn9nNkQxJFbsU4Qz8CdRiVM4Qs3ci75&index=64
b. IOC/DI: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyMxNr2p0C0&list=PLmO n9nNkQxJFbsU4Qz8CdRiVM4Qs3ci75&index=65
c. IOC container: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLa77Tw-yyI&list= PLmOn9nNkQxJFbsU4Qz8CdRiVM4Qs3ci75&index=66
d. Bean:
i. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpgMHzM7tgQ&list=PL mOn9nNkQxJFbsU4Qz8CdRiVM4Qs3ci75&index=67
 
ii. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpgMHzM7tgQ&list=PLm On9nNkQxJFbsU4Qz8CdRiVM4Qs3ci75&index=68
iii. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpgMHzM7tgQ&list=PLm On9nNkQxJFbsU4Qz8CdRiVM4Qs3ci75&index=69
e. DI:
13. (Optional) use JDBC to read the data from database.
