#### 1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
#### 2. Type the Comment feature for the class project.
#### 3. In postman, call of the APIs in PostController and CommentController

#### 4. what is JPA? and what is Hibernate?

> Java Persistence API is a collection of classes and methods to persistently store the vast amounts of data into a database which is provided by the Oracle Corporation.
> 
> Hibernate is an open source object relational mapping (ORM) tool that provides a framework to map object-oriented domain models to relational databases for web applications.
>

#### 5. What is Hiraki? what is the benefits of connection pool?

> Hikari is a JDBC DataSource implementation that provides a connection pooling mechanism. 
> 
> A connection pool provides the following benefits:
> 
> - Reduces the number of times new connection objects are created.
> - Promotes connection object reuse.
> - Quickens the process of getting a connection.
> - Reduces the amount of effort required to manually manage connection objects.
> - Minimizes the number of stale connections.
> - Controls the amount of resources spent on maintaining connections.
> 

#### 6. What is the @OneToMany, @ManyToOne, @ManyToMany? write some examples.

> @OneToMany: the one side will be our point of reference.  e.g. "A State has Cities".
>
> @ManyToOne: the many side will keep reference of the one side.  e.g. There will be a column state_id in the table cities.
>
> @ManyToMany: members of each party can hold reference to arbitrary number of members of the other party e.g. doctors and patients
> 

#### 7. What is the cascade = CascadeType.ALL, orphanRemoval = true? and what are the other CascadeType and their features? In which situation we choose which one?

> CascadeType.ALL means Propagates all operations from parent to target entity. (Usually using CascadeType.ALL is not recommended, because all related database will be effected after one change)
> 
> orphanRemoval = true means when the relationship between parent and child entity broke, the child entity will become orphan and will be removed.
> 
> - CascadeType.ALL – Propagates all operations from parent to target entity.
> - CascadeType.PERSIST – Propagates persist from parent to target entity.
> - CascadeType.MERGE – Propagates merge from parent to target entity.
> - CascadeType.REMOVE – Propagates remove from parent to target entity.
> - CascadeType.REFRESH – Propagates refresh from parent to target entity.
> - CascadeType.DETACH – Propagates detach from parent to target entity.

#### 8. What is the fetch = FetchType.LAZY, fetch = FetchType.EAGER? what is the difference? In which situation you choose which one?

> fetch = FetchType.EAGER: when fetch parent entity, all related child entities fetch at the same time;
>
> fetch = FetchType.LAZY: only fetch when we request the data
> 

#### 9. What is the rule of JPA naming convention? Shall we implement the method by ourselves? Could you list some examples?

> We name our entity w/ **CascalCase** and JPA transfer it to **camel_case** automatically. We can implement our own methods by using Custom Nameing Convention. 
>
> The first parameter will be mapped to the first column name in the method name, and the second one will be mapped to the second column name in the method name. e.g., for method name “findByLastnameOrFirstname(a, b)", the table need to have column "Lastname" and "Firstname", and then parameter a will be mapped to the Lastname column and b will be mapped to Firstname column to locate the search target.

