1.  List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
2.  type the code, you need to checkout new branch from branch 02_post_RUD, name the new branch with 05_slides_JPQL_EntityManager_Session.
3.  What is JPQL?
	1. Java Persistence Query Language
	2. It is used to create queries against entities to store in a relational database
4.  What is @NamedQuery and @NamedQueries?
	1.  @NamedQueries contains a collections of @NamedQuery 
	2.  @NamedQuery defines a name and links to a query command
5.  What is @Query? In which Interface we write the sql or JPQL?
	1. @Query defines a query
	2. we write it in repository
6.  What is HQL and Criteria Queries?
	1. Hibernate Query Language
	2. HQL instead of operating on tables and columns, HQL works with persistent objects and their properties
	3. Criteria Queries - an expression that Access compares to query field values to determine whether to include the record that contains each value
7. What is EnityManager?
	1. EntityManager can create/remove persistent entity instance
	2. can manage and find entities using key/id
8.  What is SessionFactory and Session?
	1. SessionFactory creates Session
	2. Session - The session object provides an interface between the application and data stored in the database.
9.  What is Transaction? how to manage your transaction?
	1. transaction - A transaction simply represents a unit of work
	2. after finish operating transaction, we need to commit, if fail we need to rollback
10. Write a simple factory design pattern.