1.  List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to 
annotaitons.md

2.  What is hibernate Caching?
Hibernate caching improves the performance of the application by pooling the object in the cache. It is useful when we have to fetch the same data multiple times.

There are mainly two types of caching:
First Level Cache, and Second Level Cache

First Level Cache
Session object holds the first level cache data. It is enabled by default. The first level cache data will not be available to entire application. An application can use many session object.

Second Level Cache
SessionFactory object holds the second level cache data. The data stored in the second level cache will be available to entire application. But we need to enable it explicitely.

3.  What is the difference between first-level cache and second-level cache?
1) The primary difference is that the first level cache is maintained at the Session level while the second level cache is maintained at the SessionFactory level.

2)  The data stored in the first level cache is accessible to the only Session that maintains it, while the second level cache is accessible to all.

3) The first level cache is by default enabled while the second level cache is by default disabled.

4.  How do you understand @Transactional?
One of the key points about @Transactional is that there are two separate concepts to consider, each with it's own scope and life cycle:

the persistence context
the database transaction
The transactional annotation itself defines the scope of a single database transaction. The database transaction happens inside the scope of apersistence context.

The persistence context is in JPA the EntityManager, implemented internally using an Hibernate Session (when using Hibernate as the persistence provider).

The persistence context is just a synchronizer object that tracks the state of a limited set of Java objects and makes sure that changes on those objects are eventually persisted back into the database.

This is a very different notion than the one of a database transaction. One Entity Manager can be used across several database transactions, and it actually often is.

5.  How do you handle the exception in Spring?
Handling exceptions and errors in APIs and sending the proper response to the client is good for enterprise applications. 

Before proceeding with exception handling, let us gain an understanding on the following annotations.

Controller Advice
The @ControllerAdvice is an annotation, to handle the exceptions globally.

Exception Handler
The @ExceptionHandler is an annotation used to handle the specific exceptions and sending the custom responses to the client.
6.  How do you do the validations in Spring?
  import dependecy
  Add validation Rule to payload
  Add  @valid to controller to apply the Rule here
  Check it in Postman