#### 1. create a file to list all of the annotaitons you learned and known, and explain the usage and how do you understand it. you need to update it when you learn a new annotation. Please organize those annotations well, like annotations used by entity, annotations used by controller.

see annotations.md

#### 2. explain how the below annotaitons specify the table in database? 

```java
@Column(columnDefinition = "varchar(255) default 'John Snow'")
private String name;
@Column(name="STUDENT_NAME", length=50, nullable=false, unique=false)
private String studentName;
```

- name is a string with max length of char 255, default would be 'John Snow'
- STUDENT_NAME is a string with max length of char 50, can't be null, can be duplicated. 

#### 3. What is the default column names of the table in database for @Column?

```java
@Column
private String firstName; 
@Column
private String operatingSystem; 
```

- first_name
- operating_system

#### 4. What are the layers in springboot application? what is the role of each layer?

- Controller layer:
  - API Layer, communicate (using HTTP request) with Client/Postman
- Service layer:
  - Business Logic, also manage the entity and payload
- DAO layer: 
  - The persistence layer, communicate with Database (e.g., Data Access Object("DAO"), no code needed for now)
- Database:
  - It is where the data is ultimately stored. In the database layer, CRUD (create, retrieve, update, delete) operations are performed.

#### 5. Describe the flow in all of the layers if an API is called by Postman.

When an API is called by Postman, it will 
1. reach the **controller(i.e., API layer)**, and based on the request type and parameter(s), the controller will
2. direct it to the correct method (for further process) defined under the **service layer (i.e., business layer),** 
3. call the methods provided by the **DAO layer (i.e., persistent layer)** to properly perform the respective CRUD operation to the database.
4. based on the status, the **service** layer will also return a request response back to the **controller** and ultimately to the client.

#### 6. What is the application.properties? do you know application.yml?

```properties
# data source
spring.datasource.url = jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/redbook?useSSL=false&serverTimezone=UTC
spring.datasource.username = root
spring.datasource.password = root

# hibernate properties
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.dialect = org.hibernate.dialect.MySQL5InnoDBDialect

# hibernate ddl auto (create, create-drop, validate, update)
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto = update
```

The properties file saves the following properties:
1. data source (url, username, password of the database)
2. hibernate properties (which kind of database used)
3. specify the JPA value and pass to hibernate

`.yaml` or `.yml` is another kind of file, which does the same thing as `.properties` files

#### 7. Create a Project, name it with mongo-blog, write a POST API for mongo-blog, change database to MongoDB;
#### 8. In your redbook application, write the code for RUD APIs.