1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
2.  What is MVC pattern?
	1. MVC pattern 
	2. Model 
	3. View
	4. Controller
3.  What is Front-Controller? 
	1. Front Controller is DispatcherServlet
4.  What is DispatcherServlet? please decribe how it works.
	1. DispatcherServlet handles incoming http request
	2. DispatcherServlet use handler mapper to find the coressponding controller and method
	3. DispatcherServlet  then use the controller and method to form the model with data
	4. DispatcherServlet send the model and view to View Resolver, and gets view template
	5. DispatcherServlet sends the view template and model to view engine and create a view convert to a html file
5.  What is JSP and What is ModelAndView？(please google to have a basic knowlege)
	1. JavaServer Pages - generate a html page from jsp
	2. ModelAndView holds has a model and a view
6.  Could you please google any other servlets(理解多少是多少，不要花太多时间，知道servlet的名字就行。)
	1. Generic servlets
	2. HTTP servlets
7. How many web server do you know? (Tomcat, Jetty, Jboss)
	1. Apache HTTP Server.
	2. Nginx
	3. Sun Java System Web Server.
8.  clone this repo, and run it in you local.
	a. https://github.com/TAIsRich/springmvc5-demo
	b. Notice that you need to configure the Tomcat by yourself. tutorial in the slides.
	c.  find out the APIs in controlelr and call some APIs, In slides, I also list some API.
	d.  remeber to create a database for this project
	e.  all details in the slides.
 