1. .  List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
2.  What is HTTP Session?
	1.  HTTP sessions is a way to identify a user across more than one page request and to store information about that user
3.  What is Cookie? 
	1. Cookies are text files with small pieces of data — like a username and password — that are used to identify your computer as you use a computer network.
4.  What is the difference between Session and Cookie?
	1. cookie is use for frontend and store in the client side
	2. session is use for backend and store in the serverside
5.  How do we use session and cookie to keep user information across the the application? 
	1. we use cookie and session to store some information in either client side or server side
	2. applications can pull these data and use it instead of going into database
6.  What is the spring security filter?
	1.Spring Security maintains a filter chain internally where each of the filters has a particular responsibility and filters are added or removed from the configuration depending on which services are required. The ordering of the filters is important as there are dependencies between them.
7.  Do you use any Encoder to encode Password?
	1. BCryptPasswordEncoder
8.  What is UserDetailService? AuthenticationProvider?AuthenticationManager? AuthenticationFilter?(把这几个名字看熟悉也行)
	1. userDetailsService - UserDetailsService interface is used to retrieve user-related data
	2. AuthenticationProvider - an Authentication request is processed by an AuthenticationProvider
	3. AuthenticationManager - AuthenticationManager 
	4. AuthenticationFilter - A Filter that performs authentication of a particular request
9.  What is the disadvantage of Session? how to overcome the disadvantage?
	1. too many sessions can caused performance problems
	2. use JWT
10. What is JWT?
	1. Json web token
11. decribe how do JWT work(slides 里有图， 26页)
	1. after client login with account and password server generate a JWT using client's info
	2. JWT return to client
	3. client can use JWT to access and manipulate his's account
12. how to get value from application.properties?
	1. use @Value annotations
13. What is the role of configure(HttpSecurity http) and configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)?
	1. configure(HttpSecurity http)  configures the security settings for this application.
	2. configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth) method configures two in-memory users with different roles which we can use to login to this application. 
14. What is Spring security authentication and authorization?
	1. authentication  - verify who you are
	2. authorization  -  define what you can do
15. Reading, 泛读一下即可，自己觉得是重点的，可以多看两眼。https://www.interviewbit.com/spring-security-interview-questions/#is-security-a-cross-cutting-concern
	a. 1-12
	b. 17 - 30
 