### 2.  What is MVC pattern?
MVC (Model-View-Controller) is a pattern in software design commonly used to implement user interfaces, data, and controlling logic. It emphasizes a separation between the software's business logic and display.

### 3.What is Front-Controller?
A front controller is defined as a controller that handles all requests for a Web Application. DispatcherServlet servlet is the front controller in Spring MVC that intercepts every request and then dispatches requests to an appropriate controller.

### 5. What is DispatcherServlet? please decribe how it works.
DispatcherServlet handles an incoming HttpRequest, delegates the request, and processes that request according to the configured HandlerAdapter interfaces that have been implemented within the Spring application along with accompanying annotations specifying handlers, controller endpoints, and response objects

### 6. What is JSP and What is ModelAndView？(please google to have a basic knowlege)
ModelAndView is a holder for both Model and View in the web MVC framework. These two classes are distinct; ModelAndView merely holds both to make it possible for a controller to return both model and view in a single return value. The view is resolved by a ViewResolver object; the model is data stored in a Map .
JSP(Java Server Pages) is used as a view technology. The following are the dependencies for Spring web MVC. While spring-web MVC jar would suffice for all container requirements to develop the MVC application, JSTL-jar is included for JSP: Dependencies within pom.xml

### 7. Could you please google any other servlets(理解多少是多少，不要花太多时间，
    知道servlet的名字就行。)
GenericServlet is not a Separate type of Servlet, it is common super class for multiple protocol specific Servlet class. Currently, there is one subclass for GenericServlet, that is HTTPServlet because entire web is running based on protocol “http”.

### 8. How many web server do you know? (Tomcat, Jetty, Jboss 
1.Apache TomEE: The Apache TomEE is a full application server built on top of the standard Apache Tomcat, and primarily supported by Tomitribe. You can check the website here for the latest version.
TomEE enables us to use some of the features of Java EE that aren't supported by Tomcat.
2.Oracle WebLogic:WebLogic 12 is also worth mentioning, as it's the primary application server offering from Oracle.
3.WebSphere
IBM has also developed its own application server, called WebSphere. 
WebSphere is not an open-source project, but it has given the WebSphere Liberty application to Eclipse – which makes some essential code of WebSphere open for developers to use and contribute to.

