### 3.  What is the Aspect Oriented Programming?
Aspect-oriented programming (AOP) is an approach to programming that allows global properties of a program to determine how it is compiled into an executable program. AOP can be used with object-oriented programming ( OOP ). An aspect is a subprogram that is associated with a specific property of a program.

### 4.  What are the advantages and disadvantages of Spring AOP?
Disadvantages of AOP
1.A little difficult to debug the AOP based application code. ...
2.Since it uses proxy based AOP, only method level advising is supported, doesn't support field level interception. ...
3.Only methods with public visibility will be advised. ...
4.A little runtime overhead, but it is negligible.

Advantages of AOP
Your service/domain classes get advised by the aspects (cross cutting concerns) without adding any Spring AOP related classes or interfaces into the service/domain classes. Allows the developer to concentrate on the business code, instead the cross cutting concerns.

### 5.  What is Aspect in Spring AOP?
An aspect is a class that implements enterprise application concerns that cut across multiple classes, such as transaction management. Aspects can be a normal class configured through Spring XML configuration or we can use Spring AspectJ integration to define a class as Aspect using @Aspect annotation

### 6.  What is Pointcut in Spring AOP?
Pointcut is a set of one or more JoinPoint where an advice should be executed. You can specify Pointcuts using expressions or patterns as we will see in our AOP examples. In Spring, Pointcut helps to use specific JoinPoints to apply the advice.

### 7. What is the Join point in Spring AOP?
Join Point: A join point is a specific point in the application such as method execution, exception handling, changing object variable values, etc. In Spring AOP a join point is always the execution of a method. Advice: Advices are actions taken for a particular join point.

### 8.  What does it mean by Advice and its types in Spring AOP?
n Spring AOP, 4 type of advices are supported : Before advice – Run before the method execution. After returning advice – Run after the method returns a result. After throwing advice – Run after the method throws an exception

### 9.  What is Spring AOP Proxy?
AOP proxy: an object created by the AOP framework in order to implement the aspect contracts (advise method executions and so on). In the Spring Framework, an AOP proxy will be a JDK dynamic proxy or a CGLIB proxy. Weaving: linking aspects with other application types or objects to create an advised object

### 10. Briefly Reading: https://www.javainuse.com/spring/sprbatch_interview

### 11. When to use Spring Batch?
Spring Batch can be used in both simple use cases (such as reading a file into a database or running a stored procedure) as well as complex, high volume use cases (such as moving high volumes of data between databases, transforming it, and so on)

### 12. How Spring Batch works?
Spring Batch follows the traditional batch architecture where a job repository does the work of scheduling and interacting with the job. A job can have more than one step. And every step typically follows the sequence of reading data, processing it and writing it.

### 13. How can we schedule a Spring Batch Job?
We need to add the @EnableBatchProcessing annotation in the configuration class file. The @EnableBatchProcessing annotation is used to enable the batch operations for your Spring Boot application. The reader() method is used to read the data from the CSV file and writer() method is used to write a data into the SQL