### 3.  Write the Singleton design pattern include eager load and lazy load.
1.The last assignment has been submitted
 
### 4.What is Runtime Exception? could you give me some examples?
1.The Runtime Exception is the parent class in all exceptions of the Java programming language that are expected to crash or break down the program or application when they occur
Unlike exceptions that are not considered as Runtime Exceptions, Runtime Exceptions are never checked
2.example:NullPointerException , which occurs when a method tries to access a member of an object through a null reference. The section Unchecked Exceptions — The Controversy discusses why most applications shouldn't throw runtime exceptions or subclass RuntimeException

### 5.Could you give me one example of NullPointerException?
public class Tester {
public static void main(String[] args) {
Object ref = null;
ref.toString(); // this will throw a NullPointerException
}
}

### 6. What is the Optional class?
The Optional class in Java is a container that can hold, at max, one value and gracefully deals with null values. The class was introduced in the java. util package to remove the need for multiple null checks to protect against the dreaded NullPointerExceptions during run-time.

### 7. What is the @FunctionalInterface?
A functional interface is an interface that contains only one abstract method. They can have only one functionality to exhibit. From Java 8 onwards, lambda expressions can be used to represent the instance of a functional interface. A functional interface can have any number of default methods

### 8. what is lamda?
A lambda expression is a short block of code which takes in parameters and returns a value. Lambda expressions are similar to methods, but they do not need a name and they can be implemented right in the body of a method.

### 9. What is Method Reference?
Method references are a special type of lambda expressions.
They're often used to create simple lambda expressions by referencing existing methods. There are four kinds of method references: Static methods. Instance methods of particular objects. Instance methods of an arbitrary object of a particular type. 

### 10.What is Java 8 new features?
Some of the important Java 8 features are; forEach() method in Iterable interface. default and static methods in Interfaces. Functional Interfaces and Lambda Expressions. Java Stream API for Bulk Data Operations on Collections.

### 11. Lambda can use unchanged variable outside of lambda? what is the details?
Because the local variables declared outside the lambda expression can be final or effectively final. The rule of final or effectively final is also applicable for method parameters and exception parameters. The this and super references inside a lambda expression body are the same as their enclosing scope
 