### 1.  remeber pull the new code from that repo
### 2.Explain volatile variables in java? (we also use it in Singleton)
The volatile prevents memory writes from being re-ordered, making it impossible for other threads to read uninitialized fields of your singleton through the singleton's pointer

### 3. how to create a new thread(Please also consider Thread Pool case)?
public class MyThread extends Thread {

    public void run(){
       System.out.println("MyThread running");
    }
}
MyThread myThread = new MyThread();
myTread.start();
To use thread pools, we first create a object of ExecutorService and pass a set of tasks to it. ThreadPoolExecutor class allows to set the core and maximum pool size. The runnables that are run by a particular thread are executed sequentially

### 4.Difference between Runnable and Callable
A callable interface throws the checked exception and returns the result. A runnable interface, on the other hand, shows the result or throws an exception, but does not do both.

### 5. what is the diff between t.start() and t.run()?
Main difference is that when program calls start() method a new Thread is created and code inside run() method is executed in new Thread while if you call run() method directly no new Thread is created and code inside run() will execute on current Thread

### 6.Which way of creating threads is better: Thread class or Runnable interface?
When you extend Thread class, you can't extend any other class which you require. (As you know, Java does not allow inheriting more than one class). When you implement Runnable, you can save a space for your class to extend any other class in future or now.

### 7. what is the thread status?
Thread state for a thread blocked waiting for a monitor lock. A thread in the blocked state is waiting for a monitor lock to enter a synchronized block/method or reenter a synchronized block/method after calling Object

### 8. difference between wait() and sleep() method
The major difference is that wait() releases the lock while sleep() doesn't release any lock while waiting. wait() is used for inter-thread communication while sleep() is used to introduce a pause on execution, generally.

### 9. What is deadlock?
Deadlock in Java is a condition where two or more threads are blocked forever, waiting for each other. This usually happens when multiple threads need the same locks but obtain them in different orders. Multithreaded Programming in Java suffers from the deadlock situation because of the synchronized keyword

### 10.how do threads communicate with each other?
All the threads in the same program share the same memory space. If an object is accessible to various threads then these threads share access to that object's data member and thus communicate each other. The second way for threads to communicate is by using thread control methods.

### 11. what is join() method?
Join method in Java allows one thread to wait until another thread completes its execution. In simpler words, it means it waits for the other thread to die. It has a void type and throws InterruptedException

### 12.what is yield() method
A yield() method is a static method of Thread class and it can stop the currently executing thread and will give a chance to other waiting threads of the same priority. If in case there are no waiting threads or if all the waiting threads have low priority then the same thread will continue its execution

### 13. Explain thread pool
A thread pool reuses previously created threads to execute current tasks and offers a solution to the problem of thread cycle overhead and resource thrashing

### 14. What is Executor Framework in Java, its different types and how to create these
    executors?
The Executor Framework contains a bunch of components that are used to efficiently manage multiple threads. It was released with the JDK 5 which is used to run the Runnable objects without creating new threads every time and also mostly re-using the already created threads
Types of Executors
1.SingleThreadExecutor. This thread pool executor has only a single thread. ...
2.FixedThreadPool(n) As the name indicates, it is a thread pool of a fixed number of threads. ...
3.CachedThreadPool. This thread pool is mostly used where there are lots of short-lived parallel tasks to be executed. ...
4.ScheduledExecutor.

### 15. Difference between shutdown() and shutdownNow() methods of executor
shutdown() will just tell the executor service that it can't accept new tasks, but the already submitted tasks continue to run. shutdownNow() will do the same AND will try to cancel the already submitted tasks by interrupting the relevant threads

### 16. What is Atomic classes? when do we use it?
The atomic classes provide a lock-free and thread-safe environment or programming on a single variable. It also supports atomic operations. All the atomic classes have the get() and set() methods that work on the volatile variable. The method works the same as read and writes on volatile variables.

### 17. What is the cocurrent collections?
The concurrent collection APIs, apart from the Java Collection API, are a set of collections APIs that are designed and optimized specifically for synchronized multithreaded access. They are grouped under the java

### 18. what kind of locks you know?
ReentrantLock
StampedLock
ReadWriteLock

### 19. What is the difference between class lock and object lock?
Object Level Locks − It can be used when you want non-static method or non-static block of the code should be accessed by only one thread. Class Level locks − It can be used when we want to prevent multiple threads to enter the synchronized block in any of all available instances on runtime.

### 20.What is future and completableFuture?
CompletableFuture is an extension to Java's Future API which was introduced in Java 5. A Future is used as a reference to the result of an asynchronous computation.

### 21. what is ThreadLocal?
The Java ThreadLocal class enables you to create variables that can only be read and written by the same thread. Thus, even if two threads are executing the same code, and the code has a reference to the same ThreadLocal variable, the two threads cannot see each other's ThreadLocal variables.

### 22. Type the code by your self and try to understand it. (package
    com.chuwa.tutorial.t08_multithreading)
### 23.write a code to create 2 threads, one thread print 1,3,5,7,9, another thread print
    2,4,6,8,10. (solution is in
    com.chuwa.tutorial.t08_multithreading.c05_waitNotify.OddEventPrinter)
    a. One solution use synchronized and wait notify
    b. One solution use ReentrantLock and await, signal
### 24.create 3 threads, one thread ouput 1-10, one thread output 11-20, one thread 
