### 2.  how do you do the debug?
1.Select Window-->Show View--> Servers.
2.Right Click on server in the Servers panel, select "Debug".
3.Add breakpoints in your code
4.Then right click on application, Select Debug As --> Debug on Server

### 3. What is DTO, VO, Payload, DO?
Data transfer object (DTO), formerly known as value objects or VO, is a design pattern used to transfer data between software application subsystems. DTOs are often used in conjunction with data access objects to retrieve data from a database.

### 4.  What is @JsonProperty("description_yyds")?
The @JsonProperty annotation is used to map property names with JSON keys during serialization and deserialization. By default, if you try to serialize a POJO, the generated JSON will have keys mapped to the fields of the POJO
The description_yyds is:
Through JsonProperty, the API of key and value can be generated in the Controller layer first, but at this time, it has not passed the service layer and cannot be generated in the database

### 5. do you know what is jackson?
Jackson. Jackson is a suite of data-processing tools for Java. It allows to read and write data in JSON, Avro, BSON, CBOR, CSV, Smile, (Java) Properties, Protobuf, XML or YAML format. Jackson is auto-configured. It comes with the spring-boot-starter-json 

### 6.What is spring-boot-stater?
Spring Boot Starters are dependency descriptors that can be added under the <dependencies> section in pom. xml

### 7. what dependecies in the below starter? do you know any starters?
1.Spring Boot starters are jar dependencies, which provide a quick way to configure our application, without manually including a lot of related dependencies.
2.spring-boot-starter-parent, spring-boot-starter-web,spring-boot-starter-integration,spring-boot-starter-test,spring-boot-starter-jdbc
3.Application specific starters dependencies
We have to specify other starters, under <dependencies></dependencies> section which provide our application specific dependencies.
For example let's create a spring core context application. There we will need to add spring-boot-starter


### 8. do you know  @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method =RequestMethod.POST) ? could you list CRUD by this style?


### 9. What is ResponseEntity? why do we need it?
ResponseEntity represents the whole HTTP response: status code, headers, and body. As a result, we can use it to fully configure the HTTP response. If we want to use it, we have to return it from the endpoint; Spring takes care of the rest.

### 10. What is ResultSet in jdbc? and describe the flow how to get data using JDBC
ResultSet Interface is present in the java.sql package. It is used to store the data which are returned from the database table after the execution of the SQL statements in the Java Program. The object of ResultSet maintains cursor point at the result data. In default, the cursor positions before the first row of the result data.
There are 4 categories of ResultSet methods. They are:
navigational Methods
Getter Methods
Setter Methods
Miscellaneous Methods

### 11. What is the ORM framework?
ORM stands for Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) is a programming technique for converting data between relational databases and object oriented programming languages such as Java, C#, etc.

### 12. What is the serialization and desrialization?
Serialization is the process of converting a data object—a combination of code and data represented within a region of data storage—into a series of bytes that saves the state of the object in an easily transmittable form. In this serialized form, the data can be delivered to another data store (such as an in-memory computing platform), application, or some other destination.
Data serialization is the process of converting an object into a stream of bytes to more easily save or transmit it.

### 13. use stream api to get the average of the array [20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32].
 list<Integer> list = Arrays.asList(20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32);
 double res = list.stream().mapToDouble(Integer:: inValue).average().getAsDouble();
 System.out.println(res);
}
