# 2. What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benfits of using Srpingboot?

### Spring:
1. Open-source framework that allows developers to build simple, reliable and scalable web applications.
2. It made the development of Web applications much easier than compared to classic Java frameworks and Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), such as Java database connectivity (JDBC), JavaServer Pages(JSP), and Java Servlet. (easier to use than Java frameworks, APIs, JDBC, and Java Servlet).
3. This framework uses various new techniques such as Aspect-Oriented Programming (AOP), Plain Old Java Object (POJO), and dependency injection (DI), to develop enterprise applications.
4. Spring has the ability to autowire the dependency at run time, which allows the developer to write loosely coupled code.
5. Summary:
- Developt web applications;
- Important feature: dependency injection;
- Create loosely coupled application;
- To run, need to set server;
- To run, require a deployment descriptor;
- Developer write lots of code;
- Does not support in-memory database;


### Spring Framework:
1. A collection of sub-frameworks, also called layers, such as Spring AOP. 
2. Models: Spring Object-Relational Mapping (Spring ORM). Spring Web Flow, and Spring Web MVC. 
3. You can use any of these modules separately while constructing a Web application. 


### Spring boot:
1. Is built on top of the conventional spring framework.
2. It provides all the features of spring and easier to use than spring.
3. In Spring Boot everything is auto-configured, we just need to use proper configuration for utilizing a particular functionality.
4. Spring Boot is very useful if we want to develop REST API.
5. Summary
- Develop APIs;
- Important feature: Autoconfiguration(no file.xml);;
- Create stand-alone application;
- Provides embedded servers such as Tomcat and Jetty etc;
- No requirement of deployment descriptor;
- Reduce the lines of code;
- Provide in-memory database such as H2.
- No war files deployment.

# 3. What is IOC and What is DI?

### IoC Container -- Inversion of Control Container

### DI -- Dependency Injection

1. Objects define their dependencies, so the container inject those dependencies when it creates the bean.
2. The bean ifself controlling the instantiation or location of its dependencies.
3. The "org.springframework.beans" and "org.springframework.context" packages are the basis for Spring Framework's IoC container.
4. The "BeanFactory" interface provides an advanced configuration mechanism capable of managing any type of object. 
5. "ApplicationContext" is a sub-interface of BeanFactory.
6. "BeanFactory" provides the configuration framework and basic functionality.
7. "ApplicationContext" adds more enterprise-specific functionality.
8. The interface "org.springframework.context.ApplicationContext" represents the Spring IoC container and is responsible for instantiating, configuring, and assembling the aforementioned beans. 
9. The container gets its instructions on what objects to instantiate, configure, and assemble by reading configuration metadata. The configuration metadata is represented in XML.

# 4. What is @CompnonentScan?
1. In Spring, we use the @ComponentScan annotation along with the @Configuration annotation to specify the packages that we want to be scanned.
2. @ComponentScan without arguments tells Spring to scan the current package and all of its sub-packages.
3. Define where the spring need to scan the bean definations and generate the beans

# 5. How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotaiton?

With @Component before each class

# 6. What is @SpringbootApplication?

@Configuration + @EnableAutoConfiguration + @ComponentScan

- @Configuration , which declares a class as the source for bean definitions
- @EnableAutoConfiguration , which allows the application to add beans using classpath definitions
- @ComponentScan , which directs Spring to search for components in the path specified

# 7. How many ways wo can define a bean?

1. Class Level:
-  @Component
- @Service
- @Repository
- @Controller

2. Method Level:
- @Bean (used with @Configuration) together

3. XML
- <bean id="dataNucleusChuwaNoComponent"
 class="com.chuwa.springbasic.components.impl.DataNu
cleusChuwaNoComponent"></bean>

# 8. What is default bean name for @Component and @Bean?

@Component: lowercase class name

@Bean: method name

@Component("myBean"): customized name

# 9. What is the difference between @component and @service,@repository?

1. @Component:
- @Component is a generic stereotype for any Spring-managed component.
- We can use @Component across the application to mark the beans as Spring's managed components.
- Spring will only pick up and register beans with @Component, and doesn't look for @Service and @Repository in general.
- They are registered in ApplicationContext because they are annotated with @Component.

2. @Service:
- @Service annotates classes at the service layer.
- We mark beans with @Service to indicate that they're holding the business logic.

3. @Repository
- @Repository annotates classes at the persistence layer, which will act as a database repository.
- @Repository’s job is to catch persistence-specific exceptions and re-throw them as one of Spring’s unified unchecked exceptions.

# 10. How many annotaitons we can use to inject the bean?
1. @Autowired: by type > by name
2. @Resource: by name > by type
3. @Inject

# 11. Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans in Spring)? Which way is better and why?

1. Constructor Injection:

@Autowired

public RecommenderImplementation(Filter filter) {this.filter = filter;}

2. Setter Injection:

@Autowired

public void setFilter(Filter filter) { this.filter = filter; }

3. Field Injection

@Autowired

private Filter filter;

# 12. If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primay.
@Primary to give higher preference to a bean when there are multiple beans of the same type.

@Qualifier ("prefered name") when there are multiple beans of the same type.

# 13. What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?

### BeanFactory
- BeanFactory loads beans on-demand, lazy load.

### ApplicationContext
- ApplicationContext loads all beans at startup, eager load.

# 14. What is the Scope of a Bean? and list the examples for each scope.

1. Singleton: scopes the bean definition to a single instance per Spring IoC container (default).

2. Prototype: scopes a single bean definition to have any number of object instances.

3. Request: scopes a bean definition to an HTTP request. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.

4. Session: scopes a bean definition to an HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.

5. Global-Session: scopes a bean definition to a global HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.

