1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
2. What is MVC pattern?
   1. MVC pattern stands for model, view and controller, they are seperated as 3 parts. view will return a front page, model is the data needed and controller will call service to do business logic then operate database.
3. What is Front-Controller?
   1. front controller is dispatcher servlet, A Front Controller is nothing but a controller that handles all requests for a website.
4. What is DispatcherServlet? please decribe how it works.
   1. DispatcherServlet in spring is front controller, it will handle request from website.
   2. firstly it will use handlermapper to get the controller and method name
   3.  then use handleradaper to call the controller method then it will call service, reposoroty and operate database.
   4.  return model and view (usually a string name) to dispactherservlet, data will be set in model
   5.  DispacherServlet will get the view name and call view resolver 
   6.  view resolver will find view template like jsp file
   7.  after geting model data and view template, view engine will transfer them to static html page and send them back to frontend.
   8.  there are total 7 parts: DispacherServlet, HandlerMapper, HandlerAdaper, Controller(Service, repository and database), viewResolver, View Engine, Model.
5. What is JSP and What is ModelAndView?(please google to have a basic knowlege)
   1. JSP is java server page, it is non-static page file with html and java code. the data will be sent by model.
   2. ModelAndView is data and view name, when controller return the request, the model data and page name will be returned togather.
6. Could you please google any other servlets(理解多少是多少，不要花太多时间， 知道servlet的名字就行。)
   1. A servlet is a Java programming language class that is used to extend the capabilities of servers that host applications accessed by means of a request-response programming model. Although servlets can respond to any type of request, they are commonly used to extend the applications hosted by web servers.
   2. HttpServlet and GenericServlet
7. How many web server do you know? (Tomcat, Jetty, Jboss)
   1. The application server can often be viewed as part of a three-tier application, which are a graphical user interface (GUI) server, an application (business logic) server, and a database and transaction server and provide services for security and state maintenance, along with data access and persistence.
   2. application servers are there to support the construction of dynamic pages and implement services like clustering, fail-over, and load-balancing, so developers can focus on implementing the business logic.
   3. Apache Tomcat implements several Java EE specifications including Java Servlet, JavaServer Pages (JSP), Java EL, and WebSocket, and provides a “pure Java” HTTP
   4. JBoss works cross-platform and is usable on any operating system that supports Java.JBoss included Security services, including Java Authentication and Authorization Service (JAAS) and pluggable authentication modules (PAM) and additional Web Services and interoperability, including JAX-RPC, JAX-WS, many WS-* standards, and MTOM/XOP
   5. Apache Tomcat is an open source software implementation of the Java Servlet and JavaServer Pages technologies and was developed in an open and participatory environment 
   6. Jetty is a Java based HTTP (Web) server and Java Servlet container and is developed as a free and open source project as part of the Eclipse Foundation
8. clone this repo, and run it in you local.
   a. https://github.com/TAIsRich/springmvc5-demo
   b. Notice that you need to configure the Tomcat by yourself. tutorial in
the slides.
   c. find out the APIs in controlelr and call some APIs, In slides, I also list
some API.
   d. remeber to create a database for this project
   e. all details in the slides.