1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
2. Briefly reading: https://www.techgeeknext.com/spring-boot/spring-aop-interview-questions
3. What is the Aspect Oriented Programming?
   1. AOP is typically used to implement cross-cutting concerns, which implies that it defines functionality that is required in multiple places across an application in one place. You can add new functionality before or after a method is executed like transaction management, logging or security which cut across multiple types and objects (often termed crosscutting concerns). 
4. What are the advantages and disadvantages of Spring AOP?
   1. advantage: loose coupling, easy to configure, reusability
   2. disadvantage: not easy to debug, Only methods with a public visibility will be recommended, not those with a private, protected, or default visibility.
5. What is Aspect in Spring AOP?
   1. aspect combine advice and pointcuts. it enable cross-cutting concerns
6. What is Pointcut in Spring AOP?
   1. A pointcut is an expression that chooses one or more join points at which advice is given.
7. What is the Join point in Spring AOP?
   1. a join point is the place in application where AOP aspect is applied 
8. What does it mean by Advice and its types in Spring AOP?
   1. The advice is an action which we take before or after the method execution. In the Spring AOP framework, there are five types of advice: before, after, after-returning, after-throwing, and around advice. Advice is taken at a specific join point.
9.  What is Spring AOP Proxy?
    1.  AOP proxy is an object that is formed when advice is applied to a target object.
10. Briefly Reading: https://www.javainuse.com/spring/sprbatch_interview
11. When to use Spring Batch?
    1. when it need to do the heavy lifting for example during the night when there are no regular users using your system.  Batch processing includes typical tasks like reading and writing to files, transforming data, reading from or writing to databases, create reports, import and export data and things like that. 
12. How Spring Batch works?
    1.  step - A Step that delegates to a Job to do its work. This is a great tool for managing dependencies between jobs, and also to modularise complex step logic into something that is testable in isolation. The job is executed with parameters that can be extracted from the step execution, hence this step can also be usefully used as the worker in a parallel or partitioned execution.
    2.  ItemReader - Strategy interface for providing the data. Implementations are expected to be stateful and will be called multiple times for each batch, with each call to read() returning a different value and finally returning null when all input data is exhausted. Implementations need not be thread-safe and clients of a ItemReader need to be aware that this is the case. A richer interface (e.g. with a look ahead or peek) is not feasible because we need to support transactions in an asynchronous batch.
    3.  ItemProcessor - Interface for item transformation. Given an item as input, this interface provides an extension point which allows for the application of business logic in an item oriented processing scenario. It should be noted that while it's possible to return a different type than the one provided, it's not strictly necessary. Furthermore, returning null indicates that the item should not be continued to be processed.
    4.  ItemStreamWriter - Basic interface for generic output operations. Class implementing this interface will be responsible for serializing objects as necessary. Generally, it is responsibility of implementing class to decide which technology to use for mapping and how it should be configured. The write method is responsible for making sure that any internal buffers are flushed. If a transaction is active it will also usually be necessary to discard the output on a subsequent rollback. The resource to which the writer is sending data should normally be able to handle this itself.
13. How can we schedule a Spring Batch Job?
    1.  Spring Batch can be scheduled using Cron Job.