### 2. Explain how the below annotations specify the table in database?
```
The @Column annotation is used to specify the mapping between a basic entity attribute and the database table column. the default value will be present in the SQL table definition by using @columnDefinition. The name of the column is “STUDENT_NAME” and the length is 50 and the value in the column is not null and is not unique. 
```
### 3. What is the default column names of the table in database for @Column?

The default column name is the field name: firstname and operatingSystem.

### 4. What are the layers in springboot application? what is the role of each layer?

The four layers in Spring Boot are Presentation Layer, Business Layer, Persistence Layer, Database Layer. 
Presentation Layer: It interprets JSON and handles authentication and HTTP requests. After authentication, it enters the business layer for further processing.
Business Layer: As part of business logic, it manages all of the business decisions and performs the business validation and consent. For example, only admins may modify the customer’s account.
Persistence Layer: The persistence layer contains all the database storage logic. It is responsible for converting business objects to the database row and vice-versa.
Database Layer: The database layer contains all the databases such as mySQL, MongoDB, etc. This layer can contain multiple databases. It is responsible for performing the CRUD operations.

### 5. Describe the flow in all of the layers if an API is called by Postman.

The Client makes an HTTP request (GET, PUT, POST, etc.). The HTTP request is forwarded to the Controller. The controller maps the request. It processes the handles and calls the server logic. The business logic is performed in the Service layer. The spring boot performs all the logic over the data of the database which is mapped to the spring boot model class through Java Persistence Library (JPA). The JSP page is returned as Response from the controller.

### 6. What is the application.properties? do you know application.yml?
Spring Boot can access configurations set in an application.properties file, which uses a key-value format. Each line is a single configuration, so we need to express hierarchical data by using the same prefixes for our keys.
 ```
logging.file.name=myapplication.log 
bael.property=defaultValue 
#--- 
spring.config.activate.on-profile=dev 
spring.datasource.password=password 
spring.datasource.url=jdbc:h2:dev 
spring.datasource.username=SA 
bael.property=devValue
```
As well as Java properties files, we can also use YAML-based configuration files in our Spring Boot application. YAML is a convenient format for specifying hierarchical configuration data. We use three dashes to indicate the start of a new document:
```
logging: 
  file: 
name: myapplication.log 
--- 
spring: 
  config: 
activate: 
  on-profile: staging 
datasource: 
  password: 'password' 
  url: jdbc:h2:staging 
  username: SA 
bael: 
  property: 
    stagingValue
```

