1. List all of the new annotations to your annotaitons.md and explain its role.
2. how do you do the debug?
   - Debugging allows you to run a program interactively while watching the source code and the variables during the execution. A breakpoint in the source code specifies where the execution of the program should stop during debugging. Once the program is stopped we can investigate variables, change their content. Set breakpoint to examine how the program operates at runtime. Run the program in debug mode. And then step through the program (step into or step over).

3. What is DTO, VO, Payload, DO?
   - DTO is data transfer object. It is mostly used across different layers (presentation and service). DTO  is a design pattern. which we call when we need to use such objects that encapsulate and aggregate data for transfer. 
   - Value Object is an object that contains values that are needed to be transferred between application layers.
   - When you send API requests you are trying to get a service to 'do something.' The service will then tell you what it did or give you what it asked for. The payload is the part of that response that is communicating directly to you. In REST APIs this is usually some JSON formatted data.
   - DO is data object. A region of storage that contains a value or group of values. Each value can be accessed using its identifier or a more complex expression that refers to the object. In addition, each object has a unique data type.

4. What is @JsonProperty("description_yyds")?
   - @JsonProperty(name), tells Jackson ObjectMapper to map the JSON property name to the annotated Java field's name.

5. do you know what is jackson?
   - Jackson is a very popular and efficient java based library to serialize or map java objects to JSON and vice versa. It helps us to serialize a java object to a json file and then read that json file to get the object back. 

6. What is spring-boot-stater?
   - Spring Boot Starters are dependency descriptors that can be added under the <dependencies> section in pom.xml. In the Spring Boot Framework, all the starters follow a similar naming pattern: spring-boot-starter-*, where * denotes a particular type of application. For example, if we want to use Spring and JPA for database access, we need to include the spring-boot-starter-data-jpa dependency in our pom.xml file of the project.
   a. what dependecies in the below starter? do you know any starters?
   - Starter of Spring web uses Spring MVC, REST and Tomcat as a default embedded server. The single spring-boot-starter-web dependency transitively pulls in all dependencies related to web development. It also reduces the build dependency count.

7. do you know @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST) ? could you list CRUD by this style?
   - @RequestMapping is one of the most widely used Spring MVC annotation. RequestMapping annotation is used to map web requests onto specific controller classes or methods. We can use it with class definition to create the base URI. We can use @RequestMapping method variable to narrow down the HTTP methods for which this method will be invoked. 
   - @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.GET)
   - @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.PUT)
   - @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.DELETE)

8. What is ResponseEntity? why do we need it?
   - ResponseEntity represents an HTTP response, including headers, body, and status. While @ResponseBody puts the return value into the body of the response. We can use it to fully configure the HTTP response.
   1 new ResponseEntity<>(postResponse, HttpStatus.OK); 
   2 new ResponseEntity<>(postResponse, HttpStatus.CREATED);
   3 ResponseEntity.ok(postService.getPostById(id));
   - return 200 Created status
   - return 201 ok status
   - The ResponseEntity.ok already contains the return 200 Http response code.

9. What is ResultSet in jdbc? and describe the flow how to get data using JDBC
   - ResultSet is a table of data representing a database result set, which is usually generated by executing a statement that queries the database. A ResultSet object maintains a cursor that points to the current row in the result set. The term "result set" refers to the row and column data contained in a ResultSet object.
   - JDBC makes it possible to do establish a connection with a data source, send queries and update statements, and process the results. The Java application calls JDBC classes and interfaces to submit SQL statements and retrieve results. The JDBC API is implemented through the JDBC driver. The JDBC Driver is a set of classes that implement the JDBC interfaces to process JDBC calls and return result sets to a Java application. The database (or data store) stores the data retrieved by the application using the JDBC Driver.

10. What is the ORM framework?
    - ORM stands for Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) is a programming technique for converting data between relational databases and object oriented programming languages such as Java, C#, etc.

11. Learn how to use ObjectMapper by this example.
    - a. https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa-eij-tutorial/blob/main/02-java-cor e/src/main/java/com/chuwa/exercise/oa/api/FoodOutletJackson.java
    - 1 FoodOutlet foodOutlet = objectMapper.readValue(resBody, FoodOutlet.class);
    - 2 String s = objectMapper.writeValueAsString(foodOutlet);
    - 3 objectMapper.readTree() // learn how to use it?
        - The Jackson ObjectMapper class is the simplest way to parse JSON with Jackson. The Jackson ObjectMapper can parse JSON from a string, stream or file, and create a Java object or object graph representing the parsed JSON.  The Jackson ObjectMapper can also create JSON from Java objects. By the way, the reason it is called ObjectMapper is because it maps JSON into Java Objects (deserialization), or Java Objects into JSON (serialization). 
        - The ObjectMapper's writeValueAsString() generate JSON from an object, and return the generated JSON as a String. 
        - The Jackson Object mapper can parse JSON into objects of classes developed by you, or into objects of the built-in JSON tree model.
        - Jackson has a built-in tree model which can be used to represent a JSON object. Jackson's tree model is useful if you don't know how the JSON you will receive looks, or if you for some reason cannot (or just don't want to) create a class to represent it. The Jackson Tree Model is also useful if you need to manipulate the JSON before using or forwarding it. The Jackson tree model is represented by the JsonNode class. You use the Jackson ObjectMapper to parse JSON into a JsonNode tree model, just like you would have done with your own class.

12. What is the serialization and desrialization?
    - a. https://hazelcast.com/glossary/serialization/
        - Parsing JSON into Java objects is referred to as to deserialize Java objects from JSON.
        - Generating JSON from Java objects is referred to as to serialize Java objects into JSON.

13. use stream api to get the average of the array [20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32].
    ```
    List<Integer> list = Arrays.asList(20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32);
    double res = list.stream().mapToDouble(Integer::intValue).average().getAsDouble();
    System.out.println(res);
    ```

