**1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md**

**2. What is hibernate Caching?**
   * Hibernate caching acts as a layer between the actual database and your application. It reduces the time taken to obtain the required data — as it fetches from memory instead of directly hitting the database. It is very useful when we need to fetch the same kind of data multiple times.

**3. What is the difference between first-level cache and second-level cache?**
   * **The First level cache** is by default enabled by Hibernate itself. The session object maintains the first-level cache. An application can have many sessions. Data of a particular session is not shared with other sessions of the application. So we can use the first-level cache to store local data i.e. required by the session itself. 
   * When we query an entity or object, for the very first time it is retrieved from the database and stored into the first-level cache (associated with the hibernate session). If we query for the same entity or object again with the same session object, it will be loaded from cache and no SQL query will be executed. 
   * **The second-level cache** is by default disabled, we need to enable it explicitly, and the SessionFactory object is responsible to maintain it. The second-level cache is hold by SessionFactory can be accessible to all the sessions. Once the session factory is closed all the cache associated with that is also removed from the memory.
   * When an entity instance is looked up by its id, and second-level caching is enabled for that entity:
	  * If an instance is already present in the first-level cache, it's returned from there.
     * If an instance isn't found in the first-level cache, and the corresponding instance state is cached in the second-level cache, then the data is fetched from there and an instance is assembled and returned.
     * Otherwise, the necessary data are loaded from the database and an instance is assembled and returned.

**4. How do you understand @Transactional?**
 * @Transactional annotation, which provides broad support for transaction management and allows developers to concentrate on business logic rather than worrying about data integrity in the event of system failures.

**5. How do you handle the exception in Spring?**
 * @ExceptionHandler annotation is used for handling exceptions in specific handler method and sending the custom responses to the client. 
 * @ControllerAdvice is used for handling exceptions in class level to handle the exceptions globally. 
 * **Steps**  
   * Create ErrorDetails Class
   * Create GlobalExceptionHandler Class
   * Use @ExceptionHandler and @ControllerAdvice

**6. How do you do the validations in Spring?**
   * Import dependency
   * Add validation rule to payload
     - @NotEmpty
     - @Size(min = ?, message = "the message of error")
   * Add @valid to controller to apply the rule before the @RequestBody. 

