1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md
2. What is MVC pattern?
 * MVC pattern stands for Model-View-Controller pattern. This pattern is used to separate application's concerns. Model is a container for data. View represents the visulization of data that model contains. Controller contains business logic. It controls data flow into model objects and update the view whenever data changes. 

3. What is Front-Controller?
 * Front-controller is used to provide a centralized request handling mechanism so that all the requests will be handled in a single handler. It use a dispatcher to dispatch the request to corresponding specific handler. 

4. What is DispatcherServlet? please decribe how it works.
 * DispatcherServlet is the front controller in Spring web application. It receives all the HTTP request and delegates them to controller class. 
 * DispatcherServlet takes an incoming URI and find the right combination of handlers(controller classes) and view(usually JSPs). When it determines the view, it renders it as the response. Finally, DispatcherServlet returns the response object back to the client. 
 * When the web server receives the HTTP request, it will hand it to the DispatcherServlet to handle the request. DispatcherServlet will call the HandlerMapper, the HandlerMapper will find the corresponding controller and method and return it to HandlerMapper. DispatcherServlet will then call the corresponding method in the controller, and the controller will call the service, repository, and database. Controller will then return the MAV(ModelAndView) result to DispatcherServlet. Specifically, it returns view name, which is usually string, and set date to the Model. DispatcherServlet then will call the corresponding view Resolver based on the view name it gets. View Resolver will help us find the view template. With the view template and data model together, DispatcherServlet will call View Engine to put data in the view template and transfer it to HTML. This HTML, which shows the frontend content, will be return to browser

5. What is JSP and What is ModelAndView?(please google to have a basic knowlege)
 * JavaServer Pages (JSP) is a Web page development technology that supports dynamic content. This allows programmers to use specific JSP tags to insert Java code into HTML pages. A part of JavaServer Pages is a type of Java servlet designed to perform the function of a Java web application user interface.
 * ModelAndView is a holder for both Model and View in the web MVC framework. These two classes are distinct; ModelAndView merely holds both to make it possible for a controller to return both model and view in a single return value. The view is resolved by a ViewResolver object; the model is data stored in a Map.

6. Could you please google any other servlets(理解多少是多少，不要花太多时间， 知道servlet的名字就行。)
 * There are two main servlet types: Generic servlets and HTTP servlets.

7. How many web server do you know? (Tomcat, Jetty, Jboss)
 * Nginx: is an ideal solution for managing high-traffic websites. Many high-visibility websites and applications, such as Netflix or Pinterest, use the Nginx web server. 
 * Apache HTTP Server: Apache is highly flexible and customizable; functionalities can be easily turned on and off. It offers a lot of modules for security, authentication, caching, URL rewriting, etc. 
 * Microsoft-IIS or Microsoft Internet Information Services: Module-based architecture, Security and control, Remote management, often used to host ASP.NET web applications and static sites.
 * LiteSpeed: is optimized to securely handle thousands of concurrent customers, without consuming a lot of memory and CPU resources. 

8. clone this repo, and run it in you local.
a. https://github.com/TAIsRich/springmvc5-demo
b. Notice that you need to configure the Tomcat by yourself. tutorial in
the slides.
c. find out the APIs in controlelr and call some APIs, In slides, I also list
some API.
d. remeber to create a database for this project
e. all details in the slides.