### 3. What is the Aspect Oriented Programming?
- Aspect oriented programming(AOP) as the name suggests uses aspects in programming. It can be defined as the breaking of code into different modules, also known as modularisation, where the aspect is the key unit of modularity. Aspects enable the implementation of crosscutting concerns such as- transaction, logging not central to business logic without cluttering the code core to its functionality. It does so by adding additional behaviour that is the advice to the existing code. For example- Security is a crosscutting concern, in many methods in an application security rules can be applied, therefore repeating the code at every method, define the functionality in a common class and control were to apply that functionality in the whole application.
- Aspect: The class which implements the JEE application cross-cutting concerns(transaction, logger etc) is known as the aspect. It can be normal class configured through XML configuration or through regular classes annotated with @Aspect.
- Pointcut: Since it is not feasible to apply advice at every point of the code, therefore, the selected join points where advice is finally applied are known as the Pointcut. Often you specify these pointcuts using explicit class and method names or through regular expressions that define a matching class and method name patterns. It helps in reduction of repeating code by writing once and use at multiple points.
- JoinPoints: An application has thousands of opportunities or points to apply Advice. These points are known as join points. For example – Advice can be applied at every invocation of a method or exception be thrown or at various other points. But Spring AOP currently supports only method execution join points (advising the execution of methods on Spring beans).
- Advice: The job which is meant to be done by an Aspect or it can be defined as the action taken by the Aspect at a particular point. There are five types of Advice namely: Before, After, Around, AfterThrowing and AfterReturning. 
    -  Before: Runs before the advised method is invoked. It is denoted by @Before annotation.
    -  After: Runs after the advised method completes regardless of the outcome, whether successful or not. It is denoted by @After annotation.
    -  AfterReturning: Runs after the advised method successfully completes ie without any runtime exceptions. It is denoted by @AfterReturning annotation.
    -  Around: This is the strongest advice among all the advice since it wraps around and runs before and after the advised method. This type of advice is used where we need frequent access to a method or database like- caching. It is denoted by @Around annotation.
    -  AfterThrowing: Runs after the advised method throws a Runtime Exception. It is denoted by @AfterThrowing annotation.
### 4. What are the advantages and disadvantages of Spring AOP?
**Advantages:**
- It is non-invasive – not touching our code or business logic. plug and play like
- Its implemented in pure Java
- It uses Spring’s IOC for dependency injection
- As any other AOP framework, it weaves cross cutting concerns into the classes, without making a call to the cross cutting concerns from those classes.
- Centralize or modularize the cross cutting concerns
- Easy to configure


**Disadvantages:**
- A little difficult to debug the AOP based application code: Since the business classes are advised behind the scene with aspects..
- Since it uses proxy based AOP, only method level advising is supported, doesn’t support field level interception
- Only methods with public visibility will be advised
- A little runtime overhead, but its negligible
- Aspects cannot advise other Aspects - Not possible to have aspects to be the target of advice from other aspects.
- Local or internal method calls within an advised class doesn’t get intercepted by proxy, so advise method of the aspect does not get fired/invoked
- Is not for advising fine-grained objects (domain objects like pojo), it is best suitable for coarse grained objects (Service ...) due to performance.
### 5. What is Aspect in Spring AOP?
- a modularization of a concern that cuts across multiple classes. Transaction management is a good example of a crosscutting concern in J2EE applications. In Spring AOP, aspects are implemented using regular classes (the schema-based approach) or regular classes annotated with the @Aspect annotation (the @AspectJ style).
- The class which implements the JEE application cross-cutting concerns(transaction, logger etc) is known as the aspect. It can be normal class configured through XML configuration or through regular classes annotated with @Aspect.
- class to define all aop self methos
```
package org.xyz;
import org.aspectj.lang.annotation.Aspect;

@Aspect
public class NotVeryUsefulAspect {

}
```
### 6. What is Pointcut in Spring AOP?
- expression to find all main application methods to insert AOP
- Since it is not feasible to apply advice at every point of the code, therefore, the selected join points where advice is finally applied are known as the Pointcut. Often you specify these pointcuts using explicit class and method names or through regular expressions that define a matching class and method name patterns. It helps in reduction of repeating code by writing once and use at multiple points.
- a predicate that matches join points. Advice is associated with a pointcut expression and runs at any join point matched by the pointcut (for example, the execution of a method with a certain name). The concept of join points as matched by pointcut expressions is central to AOP, and Spring uses the AspectJ pointcut expression language by default.
- Recall that pointcuts determine join points of interest, and thus enable us to control when advice executes. Spring AOP only supports method execution join points for Spring beans, so you can think of a pointcut as matching the execution of methods on Spring beans. A pointcut declaration has two parts: a signature comprising a name and any parameters, and a pointcut expression that determines exactly which method executions we are interested in. In the @AspectJ annotation-style of AOP, a pointcut signature is provided by a regular method definition, and the pointcut expression is indicated using the @Pointcut annotation (the method serving as the pointcut signature must have a void return type).
- Advice 是和特定的 point cut 关联的, 并且在 point cut 相匹配的 join point 中执行. 在 Spring 中, 所有的方法都可以认为是 joinpoint, 但是我们并不希望在所有的方法上都添加 Advice, 而 pointcut 的作用就是提供一组规则(使用 AspectJ pointcut expression language 来描述) 来匹配joinpoint, 给满足规则的 joinpoint 添加 Advice.
```
@Aspect
class Logging {
  
    // pointcut() is a dummy method
    // required to hold @Pointcut annotation
    // pointcut() can be used instead of writing line 1
    // whenever required, as done in line 4.
    // This prevents a repetition of code.
  
    @Pointcut("execution(public void com.aspect.ImplementAspect.aspectCall())") // line 1
    public void pointCut()
    {
    }
  
    // pointcut() is used to avoid repetition of code
    @Before("pointcut()")
    public void loggingAdvice1()
    {
        System.out.println("Before advice is executed");
    }
}
```
### 7. What is the Join point in Spring AOP?
- a point during the execution of a program, such as the execution of a method or the handling of an exception. In Spring AOP, a join point always represents a method execution.
- An application has thousands of opportunities or points to apply Advice. These points are known as join points. For example – Advice can be applied at every invocation of a method or exception be thrown or at various other points. But Spring AOP currently supports only method execution join points (advising the execution of methods on Spring beans).
- 在 Spring AOP 中, 所有的方法执行都是 join point. 而 point cut 是一个描述信息, 它修饰的是 join point, 通过 point cut, 我们就可以确定哪些 join point 可以被织入 Advice. 因此 join point 和 point cut 本质上就是两个不同纬度上的东西. advice 是在 join point 上执行的, 而 point cut 规定了哪些 join point 可以执行哪些 advic
### 8. What does it mean by Advice and its types in Spring AOP?
- Advice is associated with a pointcut expression, and runs before, after, or around method executions matched by the pointcut. The pointcut expression may be either a simple reference to a named pointcut, or a pointcut expression declared in place.
- Advice: The job which is meant to be done by an Aspect or it can be defined as the action taken by the Aspect at a particular point. There are five types of Advice namely: Before, After, Around, AfterThrowing and AfterReturning.
  -  Before: Runs before the advised method is invoked. It is denoted by @Before annotation.
  -  After: Runs after the advised method completes regardless of the outcome, whether successful or not. It is denoted by @After annotation.
  -  AfterReturning: Runs after the advised method successfully completes ie without any runtime exceptions. It is denoted by @AfterReturning annotation.
  -  Around: This is the strongest advice among all the advice since it wraps around and runs before and after the advised method. This type of advice is used where we need frequent access to a method or database like- caching. It is denoted by @Around annotation.
  -  AfterThrowing: Runs after the advised method throws a Runtime Exception. It is denoted by @AfterThrowing annotation.
### 9. What is Spring AOP Proxy?
-  an object created by the AOP framework in order to implement the aspect contracts (advise method executions and so on). In the Spring Framework, an AOP proxy will be a JDK dynamic proxy or a CGLIB proxy.
### 11. When to use Spring Batch?
- Automated, complex processing of large volumes of information that is most efficiently processed without user interaction. These operations typically include time-based events (such as month-end calculations, notices, or correspondence).
- Periodic application of complex business rules processed repetitively across very large data sets (for example, insurance benefit determination or rate adjustments).
- Integration of information that is received from internal and external systems that typically requires formatting, validation, and processing in a transactional manner into the system of record. Batch processing is used to process billions of transactions every day for enterprises.
### 12. How Spring Batch works?
- a batch process is typically encapsulated by a Job consisting of multiple Steps. Each Step typically has a single ItemReader, ItemProcessor, and ItemWriter. A Job is executed by a JobLauncher, and metadata about configured and executed jobs is stored in a JobRepository.
- Each Job may be associated with multiple JobInstances, each of which is defined uniquely by its particular JobParameters that are used to start a batch job. Each run of a JobInstance is referred to as a JobExecution. Each JobExecution typically tracks what happened during a run, such as current and exit statuses, start and end times, etc.
- A Step is an independent, specific phase of a batch Job, such that every Job is composed of one or more Steps. Similar to a Job, a Step has an individual StepExecution that represents a single attempt to execute a Step. StepExecution stores the information about current and exit statuses, start and end times, and so on, as well as references to its corresponding Step and JobExecution instances.
### 13. How can we schedule a Spring Batch Job?
- Enable scheduling with @EnableScheduling annotation.
- Create method annotated with @Scheduled and provide recurrence details using cron job. Add the job execution logic inside this method.
```
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableScheduling
public class App
{
  @Autowired
  JobLauncher jobLauncher;
   
  @Autowired
  Job job;
   
  public static void main(String[] args) 
  {
    SpringApplication.run(App.class, args);
  }
   
  @Scheduled(cron = "0 */1 * * * ?")
    public void perform() throws Exception 
  {
    JobParameters params = new JobParametersBuilder()
        .addString("JobID", String.valueOf(System.currentTimeMillis()))
        .toJobParameters();
    jobLauncher.run(job, params);
  }
}
```
----
- [AOP中文](https://blog.csdn.net/anurnomeru/article/details/79798659)
- [AOP英文](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/spring-aop-example-tutorial-aspect-advice-pointcut-joinpoint-annotations)