1. List all of the new annotations to your annotaitons.md and explain its role.
2. how do you do the debug?
   1. I may check the error in console to find the reason.
   2. I may use breakpoint to check detailed information for each variable.
   3. if all these are not working, I may analyze and infer the reason and do some detailed test.
3. What is DTO, VO, Payload, DO?
   1. DTO is data transfer object, it will be used in payload.
   2. VO is view object, same with DTO, data used to communicate with frontend.
   3. Payload is used to transfer request body data.
   4. DO 
4. What is @JsonProperty("description_yyds")?
   1. it can changed the attribute name to description_yyds, only description_yyds can be accepted.
5. do you know what is jackson?
   1. jackson can transfer xml data to java object.
6. What is spring-boot-stater?
   spring-boot-starter can provide tools and dependencies like tomcat, which is more conventient.
   1. what dependecies in the below starter? do you know any starters?
      1. spring boot starter web, it's for web application.
      2. spring boot starter data mongodb, spring boot starter data jpa
   ```
      <dependency>
      <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
      <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-web</artifactId>
      </dependency>
   ```
   1. 
7. do you know @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)? could you list CRUD by this style?
   1. it's http post quest, the path is {{base_url}}/users
   2. @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.GET)
   3. @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.PUT)
   4. @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.DELETE)
8. What is ResponseEntity? why do we need it?
   1. ResponseEntity encapulate payload and response status etc, it used to return data for restful api.
9. What is ResultSet in jdbc? and describe the flow how to get data using JDBC
   1.  resultset is used to store database result, which is usually generated by executing a statement that queries the database. 
   2.  
10. What is the ORM framework?
    1.  Object Relational Mapping (ORM) is a technique (Design Pattern) of accessing a relational database from an object-oriented language. like hibernate.
11. Learn how to use ObjectMapper by this example.
    1.  we use objectMapper.readValue(jsonStr,xxx.class) to transfer string to java object.
    2.  we use objectMapper.writeValueAsString(obj) to transfer java obj to string.
12. What is the serialization and deserialization?
    1.  serialization is transferring object, json etc into a series of bytes to save the object in an easily transmittable form. the data can be delivered to another data store
    2.  deserialization is the opposite process, transferring string back to object etc.
13. use stream api to get the average of the array [20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32].
    1.  Stream<Integer> s = Stream.of(20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32);
    2.  Double x = s.mapToDouble(Integer::intValue).average().getAsDouble();
14. 抄写，https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/tree/03_post_pageable，
15. (Optional) 抄写 https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/tree/04_comm ent你也可以像我一样分branch添加新代码。
16. (Optional) Try to write the CRUD api for a new application Cassandra-Blog
a. spring 提供了相关dependency,(https://start.spring.io/)
i. Spring Data for Apache Cassandra b. Cassandra十分流行，且面试问的多。
