**1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotaitons.md**

**2. type the code, you need to checkout new branch from branch 02_post_RUD, name the new branch with 05_slides_JPQL_EntityManager_Session.**

**3. What is JPQL?**
   * The JPQL (Java Persistence Query Language) is an object-oriented query language which is used to perform database operations on persistent entities. Instead of database table, JPQL uses entity object model to operate the SQL queries. Here, the role of JPA is to transform JPQL into SQL. Thus, it provides an easy platform for developers to handle SQL tasks.
   
**4. What is @NamedQuery and @NamedQueries?**
   - **@NamedQuery** Specifies a static, named query in the Java Persistence query language. Query names are scoped to the persistence unit. The NamedQuery annotation can be applied to an entity or mapped superclass.
   - The following is an example of the definition of a named query in the Java Persistence query language:
  
    @NamedQuery(
            name="findAllCustomersWithName",
            query="SELECT c FROM Customer c WHERE c.name LIKE :custName"
    )
   - The following is an example of the use of a named query:
   
    @PersistenceContext
    public EntityManager em;
    
    customers = em.createNamedQuery("findAllCustomersWithName")
                .setParameter("custName", "Smith")
                .getResultList();
		
   - **@NameQueries** annotation is used to define the multiple named queries.
    
    @NamedQueries(
    {
  		@NamedQuery(name="findAllCustomer",query="SELECT c FROM Customer"),
  		@NamedQuery(name="findCoustomerWithId",query="SELECT c FROM Customer c WHERE c.id=?1")
  		@NamedQuery(name="findCustomerWithName",query="SELECT c FROM Customer c WHERE c.name = :name"
	})

**5. What is @Query? In which Interface we write the sql or JPQL?**
   - **@Query** annotation can only be used to annotate repository interface methods. The call of the annotated methods will trigger the execution of the statement found in it. The @Query annotation is applied at the method-level in JpaRepository interfaces, and pertain to a single method. When we prefer to write our own queries. This is doable via the @Query annotation.

**6. What is HQL and Criteria Queries?**
   - Hibernate Query Language (HQL) is an object-oriented query language, similar to SQL, but instead of operating on tables and columns, HQL works with persistent objects and their properties. HQL queries are translated by Hibernate into conventional SQL queries, which in turns perform action on database.
     
     ```
     String hql = "FROM Employee E WHERE E.id = 10";
     Query query = session.createQuery(hql);
     List results = query.list();
     ```
     
   - Criteria queries are a programmatic, type-safe way to express a query. Criteria API which allows us to programmatically build Criteria Query objects where we can apply filtering rules and logical conditions. The Hibernate Session interface provides the createCriteria() method, which can be used to create a Criteria object that returns an instance of a persistent object class when the application performs a conditional query.

**7. What is EnityManager?**
   * EntityManager interface used to interact with the persistence context. An EntityManager instance is associated with a persistence context. A persistence context is a set of entity instances in which for any persistent entity identity there is a unique entity instance. Within the persistence context, the entity instances and their lifecycle are managed. The EntityManager API is used to create and remove persistent entity instances, to find entities by their primary key, and to query over entities.

**8. What is SessionFactory and Session?**
   * **SessionFactory** is an interface. SessionFactory can be created by providing Configuration object, which will contain all DB related property details pulled from either hibernate.cfg.xml file or hibernate.properties file. SessionFactory is a factory for Session objects.

   * We can create one SessionFactory implementation per database in any application. If your application is referring to multiple databases, then you need to create one SessionFactory per database. Sessionfactory is an immutable object and it will be created as a singleton while the server initializes itself.

   * The SessionFactory is a heavyweight object; it is usually created during application start up and kept for later use. The SessionFactory is a thread safe object and used by all the threads of an application.

   * A **Session** is used to get a physical connection with a database. The Session object is lightweight and designed to be instantiated each time an interaction is needed with the database. Persistent objects are saved and retrieved through a Session object.

   * The session objects should not be kept open for a long time because they are not usually thread safe and they should be created and destroyed them as needed. Sessions will be opened using sessionfactory.openSession() and some database operations will be done finally session will be closed using session.close(). The main function of the Session is to offer, create, read, and delete operations for instances of mapped entity classes.

**9. What is Transaction? how to manage your transaction?**
   * **Transaction** represents a unit of work. It contains one or more SQL statements. A transaction is an atomic unit. The effects of all the SQL statements in a transaction can be either all committed (applied to the database) or all rolled back (undone from the database). Transaction is an interface available in org.hibernate package which is associated with a Session and is usually instantiated by a call to Session.beginTransaction(). A single session might span multiple transactions. However, it is intended that there be at most one uncommitted Transaction associated with a particular Session at any time. Implementors are not intended to be threadsafe.
   * In the transaction, if any single step fails, the complete transaction will be failed.
   * We can describe transaction with ACID properties.
     * A. Atomicity – All success or none.
     * B. Consistency – Database constraints should not be violated.
     * C. Isolation – One transaction should not effect another one.
     * D. Durability – It should in Database after commit.

**10. Write a simple factory design pattern.**

    public interface Phone {
    	void make();
    }
    
      public class MiPhone implements Phone {
	    public MiPhone() {
	        this.make();
	    }
	    @Override
	    public void make() {
	        System.out.println("make xiaomi phone!");
	    }
	}

	public class IPhone implements Phone {
	    public IPhone() {
	        this.make();
	    }
	    @Override
	    public void make() {
	        System.out.println("make iphone!");
	    }
	}
	
	public class PhoneFactory {
	    public Phone makePhone(String phoneType) {
	        if(phoneType.equalsIgnoreCase("MiPhone")){
	            return new MiPhone();
	        }
	        else if(phoneType.equalsIgnoreCase("iPhone")) {
	            return new IPhone();
	        }
	        return null;
	    }
	}

	public class Demo {
	    public static void main(String[] arg) {
	        PhoneFactory factory = new PhoneFactory();
	        factory.makePhone("iPhone");
	    }
	}
