####1. List all of the new annotations to your annotaitons.md and explain its role.

####2. how do you do the debug?

> 1. check the error messages
> 2. locate the possible error code, mark it with red dots
> 3. start debug, step over each time and check the parameters

####3. What is DTO, VO, Payload, DO?

> - DTO: Data Transfer Object, carries useful data between processes or networks. 
A DTO does not have any explicit behavior. 
It basically helps in making the code loosely coupled by decoupling the domain models from the presentation layer.
They use the same format as that of POJOs
> - VO: Value Object, is a special type of object that can hold values such as java.lang.Integer and java.lang.Long.
> - Payload: contains the data that could be stored or updated (the body of your request and response message)
> - DO: Data object, a collection of one or more data points that create meaning as a whole.

####4. What is @JsonProperty("description_yyds")?

> It's one of the Jackson Annotations. 
> The @JsonProperty annotation is used to map property names with JSON keys during serialization and deserialization. 
> By default, if you try to serialize a POJO, the generated JSON will have keys mapped to the fields of the POJO.

####5. do you know what is jackson?

```properties
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.fasterxml.jackson.core</groupId>
    <artifactId>jackson-databind</artifactId>
    <version>2.13.3</version>
    <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

> Jackson is a suite of data-processing tools for Java comprising of three components:
> - Streaming (jackson-core) defines low-level streaming APIs and includes JSON-specific implementations.
> - Annotations (jackson-annotations) contains standard Jackson annotations.
> - Databind (jackson-databind) implements data-binding (and object serialization) support on the streaming package. This package depends on both the streaming and annotations packages.

#### 6. What is spring-boot-stater? what dependecies in the below starter? do you know any starters?

```properties
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
    <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-web</artifactId>
</dependency>
```

> Spring Boot Starters are dependency descriptors that can be added under the <dependencies> section in pom.xml.
> 
> It is a spring boot web service starter. It uses Spring MVC, REST API, and TOMCAT as default.
> 
> The other starters are JPA starter and mongoDB starter.
> 

#### 7. do you know @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST) ? could you list CRUD by this style?

> Use the @RequestMapping annotation to map different HTTP requests to their respective controller methods.
> 
> @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)
> 
> @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.GET)
> 
> @RequestMapping(value = "/users/{id}", method = RequestMethod.PUT)
> 
> @RequestMapping(value = "/users/{id}", method = RequestMethod.DELETE)
> 

#### 8. What is ResponseEntity? why do we need it?

> ResponseEntity represents the whole HTTP response: status code, headers, and body. 
> 
> As a result, we can use it to fully configure the HTTP response.
> 

#### 9. What is ResultSet in jdbc? and describe the flow how to get data using JDBC

> ResultSet represents the result set of a database query. A ResultSet object maintains a cursor that points to the current row in the result set.
> 
> JDBC consists of 7 elements that are known as connection steps:
> 
> 1. Import the package 
> 2. Load and Register the drivers
> 3. Establish the connection
> 4. Create the statement
> 5. Execute the statement
> 6. Process Result
> 7. Close/terminate
 
####10. What is the ORM framework?

> An object-relational mapper (ORM) is a code library that automates the transfer of data stored in relational database tables into objects that are more commonly used in application code.
> 

####12. What is the serialization and desrialization?

> Serialization is a mechanism of converting the state of an object into a byte stream. Deserialization is the reverse process where the byte stream is used to recreate the actual Java object in memory. This mechanism is used to persist the object.

#### 13. use stream api to get the average of the array [20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32]

```java
public class MyClass {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
    List<Integer> list = Arrays.asList(20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32);

        double ans = list.stream()
            .mapToDouble(num -> Double.parseDouble(num))
            .average()
            .getAsDouble();
    
        System.out.println(ans);
    }
}
```